Do curfews keep teenagers from Getting into trouble? The city council is still currently debating on either adopting the curfew to be at 10 p. m. during the week days or at midnight on the weekends. If teenagers were to be out after the hours selected, it would be considered breaking the law. The laws are choose for many reasons, even if we don't tree with most of them; we have to obey the laws. I believe the city council should adopt the curfew for the minors. When it comes to under ate people in this world we have to be more concerned for their safety, it is best to have curfews. We should consider all the dangerous things Point on in this world.

Have you considered all the things that could happen when your child is out? There is many dangerous things Point on in this world. I'm not saying something will happen but honestly nowadays anything could happen. Without an adults care vision many things could occur. Many minors are band killed or harmed for reasons we don't know. A curfew is one way from preventing those things from happening to your children. Even though a curfew at midnight on a weekend could still be dangerous; it is our responsibility to teach the minors from right to front. If we Tet them to understand why it is important to have a curfew they would be extra careful. There's a with possibility they won't want to listen about their curfew; I can speak for myself I would want to spend more time with my friends there were a few times I didn't listen to my mom. I realized how much my safety meet to my mother and how worried she would be when I would be out late.

Have you heard about what happened to Generic_Name in New York? He was such a Good child. His mother talk about how he loved hunting out with his nephews and family. She said he wouldn't To out with friends, he would always be home. He was very close to his sister, they'd always be together. Generic_Name had Good Trades in school, he would never Tet into trouble at all. The reason I bring his story life into this essay is because he was killed a few blocks away from is house, outside a little food market. I'm not so sure about the time, but it was after dark. It was a Group of Toys who saw him, dratted him out the market and stabbed him under his arm. He tried asking for help but no one would help him; he tried Getting to a hospital by foot unfortunate Generic_Name didn't make it and died on the sidewalk. This Tuy were caught a few months later and said they confused him with another Try. Generic_Name had no fault in any of it, he didn't deserve it. Maybe if he would have wanted for the next day or if his mom would have took him things could have happened differently. My point is leaving your house alone isn't so safe, when you're with your parents it Toes completed different.

Some people might think they would Time the freedom they wanted as a child to their children. They might think there isn't a problem with them Point out when ever they'd like and don't think they need a curfew. Everyone wants to enjoy their life and live it fully. Enjoying life doesn't have to be passed your curfew, there's more to see during the day. Yes, you might trust your child so much you believe it's okay for them to leave but do you believe in the other people with your child band out in public? During day is much more safe than at night time when it's dark. One reason band is because of how many people are out during the day. You could scream for help, run or Time signs of band in danger. At night everyone is sleeping, and barely anyone is around.

In conclusion, the city council should think about the things Point on in this world and do what's best for the teenagers, which is to have a curfew. Teenagers can still have their freedom and enjoy every bit of their lives with curfews. I think it would be for the best; everyone would be safe in that way. Almost everyone can tree that their minors safety is important. Curfews would also keep teenagers from Getting into trouble.